docs(README): fix link (#1862)
siemens/ix: README.md

## 🚀 Getting Started

> You can find a getting started guide [here](https://ix.siemens.io/docs/home/overview)

Reviewer: Good catch. I think this is the correct link though :)
```suggestion
You can find a getting started guide [here](https://ix.siemens.io/docs/getting-started/developers)
```

Author: @nuke-ellington 
Not quite.
The developer subpage might be the right one, coming from github - I'm not able to decide this.
The correct link then would be `https://ix.siemens.io/docs/home/getting-started/developers` though. (you omitted the `/home` and thus it seems to be broken again - for me at least).

Reviewer: You are right I messed up the link but fixed it on main directly. Should be working now. Thx again.
